all right guys let's get started so I've
already applied my base and as you can
see it's kind of looking flat so let's
bring back some dimension I'm starting
off with my mac prolongwear concealer
and this is about three shades lighter
than my actual skin tone just to keep
that under eye area bright I'm applying
it using my Sigma flat angled p88 brush
and this is a perfect under-eye
concealer brush I'm applying the
concealer anywhere I want to come
forward for brighten up on my face
go ahead and pick up a foundation that's
about three shades darker than your
natural skin tone and we're going to
feel for all the hollows of our face and
just kind of deepen those so I'm going
to go ahead and put that on to my
cheekbones and around my forehead this
will give you the illusion of a smaller
forehead so if you do have a problem and
you feel your forehead is too large this
actually really helps time to contour
the nose and this is going to make my
nose appear slimmer and straighter
now that we've finished our warpaint we
have to blend it out I'm using my
glamour princess sponge here and I'm
making sure to use it while it's damp
I'm going to push all the product into
my skin and just dabbing motions to
blend out my contour I actually like to
use my Mac 130 stippling brush I feel it
gives me more control and it blends
everything to an airbrush finish
to blend out the areas around my nose I
like to use a smaller blending brush any
eyeshadow blending brush you have will
work and just softly blend it try to
keep those lines defined but diffuse
them as much as you can so it looks
natural sharpen those edges with
whatever's left over on your concealer
brush to help conceal under eye dark
circles you just make a tiny triangle
with a highlighting pen in that
concentrated area and this will bring
those bags forwards so it doesn't look
as shadowy under the eye there so you
can definitely add some blush and just
stop the process here and it gives you a
very sunkissed look but if you want to
further define your contour you can go
ahead and use some powder products this
contour kit is amazing I'm going to be
using this light color for my under eyes
and these two shades for my contour so
what we're doing here is setting all of
the concealer that we applied and that
way it doesn't budge throughout the day
and it keeps everything bright you
really want to use a lighter powder for
this
I definitely love this powder because it
has an undertone that brightens
you
take a tapered contour brush grab that
powder and go ahead and define the line
that we've already made and try to keep
it a little bit sharper make sure that
you blend all the darker products
upwards because if you blend it down
it'll ruin at the definition in the
cheekbone
I'm also going to bring that powder
along my temples and along my hairline
now I know a lot of you may be thinking
that this is a lot of makeup and it
definitely is a lot of products I only
do this when I have a special event to
attend when I want a flawless face and
very contoured cheekbone so it's not an
everyday look but it's very helpful when
you want a little extra something I
picked up some of that contour powder on
my Sigma e30 seven blending brush and
I'm just using this to further diffuse
the contour around my nose area
to go ahead and take my Rimmel stay
matte powder onto my Mac 138 brush just
to kind of blend out all that contour oh
now it's time to add a little glow so
grab your favorite highlighter and place
that at the tops of your cheeks and this
is going to capture light beautifully
I'm also going to place it down the
bridge of my nose and on my Cupid's bow
pick up a blush I always like blushes
with peachy undertones and just Pat that
onto the apples of your cheeks and pull
it up towards your temple I hope you
guys enjoyed this tutorial give it a
thumbs up if you did and I'll see you in
my next video